# Week 1 Recap

Hey everyone,

Nice job in class on Wednesday. It was a little hectic, but you handled it well and you accomplished a lot. There are a lot of new tools and technologies to become familiar with, and it can be overwhelming at times, but things will start to settle down. If you missed it, or if you would like to review it again, reference this [Unit 1 Video](http://nyustern.mediasite.com/Mediasite/Play/ac978c5e7e534c6dadbc403a4e0f49bb1d?autoStart=true). Before next class, please make sure you have read through the notes and performed the exercises from the [Unit 1 Agenda](https://github.com/prof-rossetti/nyu-info-2335-201805/blob/master/units/unit-1/agenda.md).

Major thanks to all those students who helped others through their development environment setup. All students with Mac computers and some students with Windows computers were able to install Python 3.6.x successfully. However most students with Windows computers are still working towards making their installations executable from the Command Prompt.

For those students who are still trying to finish the installation on Windows, we have started a [`#py-install-windows`](https://nyu-info-2335.slack.com/messages/CAS9981NK/) channel in Slack to collaborate towards a resolution, and we have already seen some successful approaches shared. Also FYI - I will be holding office hours in the classroom starting at 5pm on Monday in case anyone needs additional help.

Next week we will be learning Python like its no big deal. See you then.

\- Professor Rossetti
